README.md, before:

# Assembler Exercises
Bunch of exercises in assembly 32bit. I'am using masm compiler and Visual Studio 2019. 


1. [Binary to decimal](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/binary_to_decimal)
2. [Compress Text with pairs count,character](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/compress)
3. [Convert binary array to bytes](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/convert_to_byte_array)
4. [Count set bits in number](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/count_set_bits)
5. [Sum of digit](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/decimal_count)
6. [Encrypt with Cezar code](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/encrypt)
7. [Float by float without FPU](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/float_by_float)
8. [Is point inside cylinder](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/is_inside)
9. [Join words using separator](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/join_words)
10. [Minus binary to binary](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/minus2_to_binary)
11. [Multiply by ten without mul](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/multiply_by_ten)
12. [Pi Approximation](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/number_pi)
13. [Root Mean Square](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/binary_to_decimal)
14. [Swap fragments](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/swap_fragments)
15. [Copy even from array](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/copy_even_from_array)
16. [XOR without XOR](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/without_xor)
17. [U2 to ZN conversion](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/u2_to_sign_modul)
18. [Shift 96bit number to left](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/shift_left_96_bit)
19. [Alloc and copy array](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/copy_array)

Commit message:

Add bunch of programs
Add MessageBox, Minimum in array, Random
encrypt and update readme

README.md, after:

# Assembler Exercises
Bunch of exercises in assembly 32bit. I'am using masm compiler and Visual Studio 2019. 


1. [Binary to decimal](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/binary_to_decimal)
2. [Compress Text with pairs count,character](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/compress)
3. [Convert binary array to bytes](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/convert_to_byte_array)
4. [Count set bits in number](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/count_set_bits)
5. [Sum of digit](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/decimal_count)
6. [Encrypt with Cezar code](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/encrypt)
7. [Float by float without FPU](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/float_by_float)
8. [Is point inside cylinder](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/is_inside)
9. [Join words using separator](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/join_words)
10. [Minus binary to binary](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/minus2_to_binary)
11. [Multiply by ten without mul](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/multiply_by_ten)
12. [Pi Approximation](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/number_pi)
13. [Root Mean Square](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/binary_to_decimal)
14. [Swap fragments](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/swap_fragments)
15. [Copy even from array](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/copy_even_from_array)
16. [XOR without XOR](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/without_xor)
17. [U2 to ZN conversion](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/u2_to_sign_modul)
18. [Shift 96bit number to left](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/shift_left_96bit)
19. [Alloc and copy array](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/copy_array)
20. [Text in MessageBox](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/message_box)
21. [Find min in array](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/min_array)
22. [Random encrypt](https://github.com/GeoMarek/AssemblerExercises/tree/master/assembly/random_encrypt)
23.
24.
25.
